Added note to documentation on how to contribute (#66)
aiidateam/kiwipy: README.rst

This software follows `Semantic Versioning`_

Contributing
============

> Want a new feature? Found a bug? Want to contribution more documentation, a translation perhaps?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want a new feature? Found a bug? Want to contribute more documentation or a translation perhaps?
```
